This is CSE241 Spring 2019 project by Yanqi Liu.


Note on ER Diagram: 
	I made a small modification after the ER design and relaitonal schema were due. The modification was that I deleted
	the three attributes in "Ship_Spec" relationship set, because they are already reflected in
	"Ship_Gen" relationship set. 


Building:
    Makefile is included, run
        $ make
    to build the project.


Executing:
    Run
        $ java -jar yal220.jar


Data sources:
    - Most Data generated on https://www.mockaroo.com/
    - A small portion of data added manually


Interfaces:
	Connection Interface:
		Designed for: Every type of users
		Description: 
			This interface handles the connection part of the project. User is asked to provide
			username and password. User would be asked for credentials until 1) he/she enters the 
			correct credentials; 2) he/she force quit with ctrl-c. Then user is asked to identify 
			him/herself among Store Manager and Supplier. Next, either Store Manager or Supplier 
			interface is launched. 
			

    Store Manager Interface:
        Designed for: Regork Supermarket Store Managers 
        Description:
			This interface provides store managers five main functionalities that they can do. User 
			is first presented with a menu of this five options. 
		Sub-interfaces:
			(1) check Regork products & make an order:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she will be presented with a list of products that
				Regork is selling. Then the user has the option to make a new order from a supplier of
				his/her choosing for a product either that Regork has been selling or that it has never 
				sold before. 

			(2) find the best supplier for a product:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she will be asked for a product that he/she is looking
				for potential suppliers. Then a list of suppliers that offer this product is provided in 
				ranked order based on prices.

			(3) contact a supplier:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she can get a supplier's contact information including 
				phone number and address via three different ways. The three ways are by supplier ID, by 
				supplier name or just part of its name, and by a product that a supplier offers. 

			(4) recall a product:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she is able to trace all the intermediate processes of a
				particular product. These include all the components that made of this product and suppliers
				for each component. Then these products/components are automatically removed from store shelves
				along with the same products/components that are offered by any suppliers because of the 
				potential danger. 
			(5) confrim the receipt of an order:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she can check if there is any unconfirmed order. An unconfirmed
				order refers to an order that a store manager made and that the corresponding supplier has 
				shipped already but has not yet arrived at destination or arrived but not yet confirmed by
				the buyer. If the user decides to confirm an order, the arrival time would automatically be 
				set to the current date.

    
    Supplier Interface:
        Designed for: Suppliers on record
        Description:
			This interface provides suppliers three main functionalities that they can do. After login and before
			presenting the menu, user has to choose the company that he/she works for. All the following actions
			can only happen within the company choosen and will not be interfered with other companies. 
		Sub-interfaces:
			(1) check new orders & make a shipment:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she can check if there is any new order. If there is at 
				least one, user can choose to ship now or later. If user decides to ship now, the leaving time
				would automatically be set to the current date. 
			(2) update price/in-stock information for an existing product:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she can chooese a product to update for either price, or
				quantity, or both. 
			(3) add a new product:
				Once user chooses this interface, he/she can add a new product that his/her company has not 
				manufactured before. If the product is branded or does not have a record in the system, 
				a new ID will be assigned. If the product has manufactured by some other companies, a shared
				ID will be assigned. After the product is added to the system, user will be directed to sub-
				interface (2) to make updates on price/quantity or not. 


	Examples for testing:
		Range for general product ID starts at 1000.
		Range for specific product ID starts at 2000.
		Range for supplier ID is between 2 and 100.
		I have omit the examples for straightforward/simple functionalities and focus on some more complex ones.
			Order & Shipment Handling:
				I omit the examples for straightforward/simple functionalities and focus on some more complex ones. 
				The Store Manager interface and Supplier interface are highly interactive in terms of order and shipment.
				When a store manager makes an order, the supplier will get a "notification" under sub-interface(1). After
				the supplier makes the shipment, the store manager will get a "notification" under sub-interface(5). 
				* I have made four new orders as a store manager from suppilers whose ID are 15, 46, and 92. 
				* I have shipped one of the new orders which shippment ID is 54 from supplier 15. 
				* Graders can confirm the order with shipment ID 54 as a store manager. 
				* Graders can ship the other three orders whose supplier ID are 15, 46, and 92 as a supplier.
				* Graders are welcome to make any new orders as a store manager and play around between different roles.
			Recall Handling:
				A store manager recalls a product by giving its specific ID 2084. The components' specific IDs are 2025,
				2074, 2061, 2004, and 2009. The first three components are also end products that appear on the store
				shelves. So as a result of recalling 2084, the products with general ID 1002, 1023, 1038, and 1026 are
				removed from store shelves as indicated by the attribute end_product_flag.
			New Product Adding (case-sensitive):
				As supplier 15, if it tries to add Almond Milk (non-branded), a shared ID 1000 will be assigned. If it 
				tries to add Nike Shoes (branded), a new ID 1055 will be assigned. If if tries to add Egg (non-branded), 
				transaction will be invalid and rollback.   

    
    In a real system. several more interfaces would be included. Some examples include:
	(1) Interfaces for customers that make order from Regork both online and in-store. 
	(2) Interfaces for both customers and Regork store managers that cancel unshipped online orders.
	(3) Interfaces for both customers and Regork store managers that return an unsatisfied order. 
	(4) Interfaces for both Regork store managers and suppliers that manage sales and discount.
	(5) Interfaces for cashiers/cash registers that read barcodes.
	(6) Interfaces for account management that identify the role of a user.
	(7) Interfaces for Regork both store managers/suppliers that identify common sources for components of recalled products.
	(8) Interfaces for both Regork store manager and suppliers that perform data analysis such as revenue report
		using OLAP.
	(9) Interfaces for Human Recources Department that maintain employees and salaries record. 
	
